docs(OverflowMenu): note on children (#2324)
carbon-design-system/carbon-components-react: src/components/OverflowMenu/README.md

- `primaryFocus` in `OverflowMenuItem`: This is required for the menu item you put keyboard focus on when `OverflowMenu` gets open

Please refer to [our Storybook](http://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?selectedKind=OverflowMenu&selectedStory=basic) for more details.

## Note about `<OverflowMenu>` children

> Make sure children of `<OverflowMenu>` are React components that accepts `ref` as its children - Typically `<OverflowMenuItem>`. Otherwise, you'll get an error like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the children of `<OverflowMenu>` are React components that accept `ref` as their children - Typically `<OverflowMenuItem>`. Otherwise, you'll get an error like:
```

Reviewer: Just a little clearer -- kinda a nit, but thought I'd suggest 👍🏽

Author: Thanks @dakahn for your suggestion!
